The following note is where I keep all relevant RFC's. This will serve as the main owner of the #RFC tag and of resulting specific RFC tags. 

1. [#RFC2516](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2516) -> The Point-to-Point Protocol (PPP) provides a standard method for transporting multi-protocol datagrams over point-to-point links. This document describes how to build PPP sessions and encapsulate PPP packets over Ethernet.
2. [#RFC2663](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2663)-> Network Address Translation is a method by which IP addresses are mapped from one realm to another, in an attempt to provide transparent routing to hosts. Traditionally, NAT devices are used to connect an isolated address realm with private unregistered addresses to an external realm with globally unique registered addresses. This document attempts to describe the operation of NAT devices and the associated considerations in general, and to define the terminology used to identify various flavors of NAT.
3. [#RFC3022](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3022#ref-NAT-TERM)-> Basic Network Address Translation or Basic NAT is a method by which IP addresses are mapped from one group to another, transparent to end users.  Network Address Port Translation, or NAPT is a method by which many network addresses and their TCP/UDP (Transmission Control Protocol/User Datagram Protocol) ports are translated into a single network address and its TCP/UDP ports.  Together, these two operations, referred to as traditional NAT, provide a mechanism to connect a realm with private addresses to an external realm with globally unique registered addresses.
4. [#RFC3704](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3704.html)-> Explains a protocol that is designed to limit the impact of distributed denial of service attacks, by denying traffic with spoofed addresses access to the network, and to help ensure that traffic is traceable to its correct source network. Also known as BCP 38.